Please give me a few days.
It only takes two days.
Go and use your hand to pay off your debt!
No no no no no
What should I do, Brother Feng?
If I solved it for you
Are you willing to give yourself to me?
Brother Feng, what time is it?
You still promised yourself
Don't worry, I can handle this.
Dare to entrust me with the debt
Chop his hands off for me
Stop it
Get out of the way
This is really a lot of money.
dad
Are you okay, Phil?
You are finally here
You won't come back
They beat me to death.
It seems that Mr. Li's girl is here to clean up his mess.
I didn't expect Chief Li to look like this.
And I can give birth to a beautiful girl.
What are you doing?
What is it for? Of course, the daughter should pay off the father's debt.
This brother
If we have to fight, we have to fight
Don't overdo it
Be careful or this hand will be gone